# Solving a New 3D Bin Packing Problem with Deep Reinforcement Learning Method
## Metadata

* Item Type: [[Report]]
* Authors: [[Haoyuan Hu]], [[Xiaodong Zhang]], [[Xiaowei Yan]], [[Longfei Wang]], [[Yinghui Xu]]
* Date: [[2017-08-19]]
* Date Added: [[2022-05-16]]
* URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/1708.05930](http://arxiv.org/abs/1708.05930)
* Cite key: huSolvingNew3D2017
* Topics: [[图形学]]
* Tags: #Computer-Science---Artificial-Intelligence, #zotero, #literature-notes, #reference
* PDF Attachments
	- [Hu et al_2017_Solving a New 3D Bin Packing Problem with Deep Reinforcement Learning Method.pdf](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/FAUXRAJ7)
## Abstract

In this paper, a new type of 3D bin packing problem (BPP) is proposed, in which a number of cuboid-shaped items must be put into a bin one by one orthogonally. The objective is to find a way to place these items that can minimize the surface area of the bin. This problem is based on the fact that there is no fixed-sized bin in many real business scenarios and the cost of a bin is proportional to its surface area. Our research shows that this problem is NP-hard. Based on previous research on 3D BPP, the surface area is determined by the sequence, spatial locations and orientations of items. Among these factors, the sequence of items plays a key role in minimizing the surface area. Inspired by recent achievements of deep reinforcement learning (DRL) techniques, especially Pointer Network, on combinatorial optimization problems such as TSP, a DRL-based method is applied to optimize the sequence of items to be packed into the bin. Numerical results show that the method proposed in this paper achieve about 5% improvement than heuristic method.
##  Zotero links
* [Local library](zotero://select/items/1_AE9KLT77)
* [Cloud library](http://zotero.org/users/8989203/items/AE9KLT77)
## Highlights and Annotations
- [[huSolvingNew3D2017 - Comment 7 pages, 1 figures]]
- [参考文章](https://cloud.tencent.com/developer/article/1117711)
- 不规则物体的装箱为新 3D Bin Packing 问题，计算量大而且难，所以用深度强化学习的方法解决